Docs > formatting (#3380)
OpenRefine/OpenRefine: docs/docs/manual/running.md

When you run OpenRefine from a command line, you can change a number of default settings. 

You cannot start the Mac version with modifications using Terminal, but you can modify the way the application starts with [settings within files](#modifications-set-within-files).

<Tabs
  groupId="operating-systems"
  defaultValue="win"
  values={[
    {label: 'Windows', value: 'win'},

>     {label: 'Linux', value: 'linux'}

Reviewer: Really sorry - I think we need to re-instate the Mac section here - otherwise when the user is switching to the "Mac" tab, this can display instructions from Windows/Linux instead - leading to a mix of operating specific instructions on a single screen

Author: Oh that's a fair point. I guess it doesn't just leave a blank.

Reviewer: So - that is to say I don't agree removing the tab is the best idea because Docusaurus tab switching can get mucked up :(

Author: Yep, it's restored now - take a look and let me know if it looks good to you?

The Undo/Redo tab will indicate which step you’re on, and if you’re about to risk erasing work - by saying something like “4/5" or “1/7” at the end.

#### Reusing operations

Operations that you perform in OpenRefine can be reused. For example, a formula you wrote inside one project can be copied and applied to another project later. 

To reuse one or more operations, first extract it from the project where it was first applied. Click to the <span class="tabLabels">Undo/Redo</span> tab and click <span class="menuItems">Extract…</span>. This brings up a box that lists all operations up to the current state (it does not show undone operations). Select the operation or operations you want to extract using the checkboxes on the left, and they will be encoded as JSON on the right. Copy that JSON to the clipboard. 

Move to the second project, go to the <span class="tabLabels">Undo/Redo</span> tab, click <span class="menuItems">Apply…</span> and paste in that JSON.

Not all operations can be extracted. Edits to a single cell, for example, can’t be replicated.

> ## Advanced OpenRefine uses

Author: Everything from here to the end of the page is new and requires review.

### Running as a server

:::caution

> Please note that if your machine has an external IP (is exposed to the Internet), you should not do this, or should protect it behind a proxy or firewall, such as nginx. Proceed at your own risk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that exposing an OpenRefine instance to the Internet is dangerous, as it gives anyone the ability to read and modify your projects and run arbitrary code on your computer. OpenRefine should at least be protected by an authenticating proxy.
```
